README.md, before:

# My Frontend Development Enviroment
Some tips for setting up development enviromnent.

It doesn't matter what you use: Mac or Windows. Vim or Emacs. Tabs or spaces. PHP or Python. If all the options didn't have merit, there wouldn't be an argument. This list is not meant to be an endorsement for or against anything, just one person's web development workflow. Learn. Be open minded. Try new things. Research. Discover what works best for you. This is not an extensive list, this is my list.

Contents
---------------------

*   Operating System
*   Terminal
*   Browser
*   Editor/IDE

Operating System
-------------------------------------

> My machine is fully encrypted and i also upload all my importent document to the cloud.

#### **I use:** [macOS (Apple)](http://www.apple.com/macos/)

**Other Options:** [Windows](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows), [Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux)

[Set up a Mac](https://sourabhbajaj.com/mac-setup/)

[Set up a Windows](https://codeburst.io/setup-a-modern-development-environment-on-windows-10-dfa79323a35a)

[Tips for windows users](https://github.com/asuh/front-end-windows)


Terminal
-------------------
#### **I use:** [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/) with [Oh My Zsh](https://ohmyz.sh/)
My zsh plugins: `git node yarn npm ng kubectl nx-completion`

**Other Options:** [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701), [Terminator](https://terminator-gtk3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) or [hyper](https://hyper.is/)

[Guide to setup windows terminal](https://freshman.tech/windows-terminal-guide/)


Browser
-------------------

> The program used for navigating the internet.

#### **I use:** [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) and [Brave](https://brave.com/) or [Firefox Development Edition](https://www.mozilla.org/hu/firefox/developer/)

**Other Options:** [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/products/), [Opera](http://www.opera.com/), [Safari](http://www.apple.com/safari/) (Mac only), [Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge/microsoft-edge)


### Extensions

*   [Octolinker](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/octolinker/jlmafbaeoofdegohdhinkhilhclaklkp) - navigate on github
*   [uBlock Origin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm?hl=en) - block ads.
*   [JSON View](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jsonview/chklaanhfefbnpoihckbnefhakgolnmc) - format JSON files.
*   [Sight](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sight/epmaefhielclhlnmjofcdapbeepkmggh) - add syntax highlighting to files.
*   [Stylish](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylish/fjnbnpbmkenffdnngjfgmeleoegfcffe?hl=en) - add stylesheets to websites.
*   [Awesome Screenshot Capture](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/awesome-screenshot-screen/nlipoenfbbikpbjkfpfillcgkoblgpmj) - take screenshots of websites.
*   [Initab](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/initab/igmbdimmfbpdplpahpapkploofmgaipl) - clean new tab page.
*   [Angular DevTools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/angular-devtools/ienfalfjdbdpebioblfackkekamfmbnh) - best for track change detection
*   [Read Medium for free](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/read-medium-for-free/feckflmdfioohghkgojnilnlaelfgffl)
*   [Session Buddy](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/session-buddy/edacconmaakjimmfgnblocblbcdcpbko)
*   [Wordtune](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wordtune-ai-powered-writi/nllcnknpjnininklegdoijpljgdjkijc)
*   [Funkify – Disability Simulator](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/funkify-%E2%80%93-disability-simu/ojcijjdchelkddboickefhnbdpeajdjg)


Editor/IDE
-------------------
### **I use:** [Webstorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/) and [vscode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

My webstorm [plugin list](https://gist.github.com/tamascsaba/d3792dd77db08350f5f6c8428b0abe8e)

My synced [Vscode settings](https://gist.github.com/tamascsaba/f6d574f9fa7f0e45a46a5fc2ebb29b02)

Commit message:

update with some tools :rocket:

README.md, after:

# My Frontend Development Enviroment
Some tips for setting up development enviromnent.

It doesn't matter what you use: Mac or Windows. Vim or Emacs. Tabs or spaces. JavaScript or TypeScript even PHP. If all the options didn't have merit, there wouldn't be an argument. This list is not meant to be an endorsement for or against anything, just one person's web development workflow. Learn. Be open minded. Try new things. Research. Discover what works best for you. This is not an extensive list, this is my list.

Contents
---------------------

*   Operating System
*   Usefull Applications
*   Terminal
*   Node
*   Browser
*   Editor/IDE

Operating System
-------------------------------------

> My machine is fully encrypted and i also upload all my important documents to the cloud.

#### **I use:** [macOS (Apple)](http://www.apple.com/macos/)

**Other Options:** [Windows](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows), [Linux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux)

[Set up a Mac](https://sourabhbajaj.com/mac-setup/)

[Tips for windows users](https://github.com/asuh/front-end-windows)

Usefull Applications
-------------------------------------
*   [Amphetamine](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/amphetamine/id937984704?mt=12) - keep-awake app 
*   [Time out](https://www.dejal.com/timeout/) - break reminder
*   [CopyClip](https://fiplab.com/apps/copyclip-for-mac) - clipboard management 
*   [Hand Mirror](https://handmirror.app/) - one click camera check

Terminal
-------------------
#### **I use:** [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/) with [Oh My Zsh](https://ohmyz.sh/)
My zsh plugins: `git node yarn npm ng kubectl nx-completion`

**Other Options:** [Windows Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701), [Terminator](https://terminator-gtk3.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) or [hyper](https://hyper.is/)

Command line fuzzy finder: [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)

Node
-------------------
I prefer [n](https://github.com/mklement0/n-install) over [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm), becouse our global modules remanin installed when you update the node version.

Browser
-------------------

#### **I use:** [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) and [Brave](https://brave.com/) or [Firefox Development Edition](https://www.mozilla.org/hu/firefox/developer/)

**Other Options:** [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/products/), [Opera](http://www.opera.com/), [Safari](http://www.apple.com/safari/) (Mac only), [Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge/microsoft-edge)


### Extensions

*   [Octolinker](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/octolinker/jlmafbaeoofdegohdhinkhilhclaklkp) - navigate on github
*   [uBlock Origin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm?hl=en) - block ads.
*   [JSON View](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jsonview/chklaanhfefbnpoihckbnefhakgolnmc) - format JSON files.
*   [Sight](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/sight/epmaefhielclhlnmjofcdapbeepkmggh) - add syntax highlighting to files.
*   [Stylish](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylish/fjnbnpbmkenffdnngjfgmeleoegfcffe?hl=en) - add stylesheets to websites.
*   [Awesome Screenshot Capture](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/awesome-screenshot-screen/nlipoenfbbikpbjkfpfillcgkoblgpmj) - take screenshots of websites.
*   [Initab](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/initab/igmbdimmfbpdplpahpapkploofmgaipl) - clean new tab page.
*   [Angular DevTools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/angular-devtools/ienfalfjdbdpebioblfackkekamfmbnh) - best for track change detection
*   [Read Medium for free](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/read-medium-for-free/feckflmdfioohghkgojnilnlaelfgffl)
*   [Session Buddy](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/session-buddy/edacconmaakjimmfgnblocblbcdcpbko)
*   [Wordtune](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/wordtune-ai-powered-writi/nllcnknpjnininklegdoijpljgdjkijc)
*   [Funkify – Disability Simulator](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/funkify-%E2%80%93-disability-simu/ojcijjdchelkddboickefhnbdpeajdjg)


Editor/IDE
-------------------
### **I use:** [Webstorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/) and [vscode](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

My webstorm [plugins](https://gist.github.com/tamascsaba/d3792dd77db08350f5f6c8428b0abe8e)

My [Vscode settings](https://gist.github.com/tamascsaba/f6d574f9fa7f0e45a46a5fc2ebb29b02)

Vim setup with [awesome_vimrc](https://github.com/amix/vimrc)
